these guys take any longer check in
their hands okay hull check now the turn
is an eight
beavers now takes a lead he's got two
pair nines and eight these guys look
like they're waiting for their tires to
be rotated at - show some enthusiasm
behaviors with 7,000 he's let his chips
do the talking
beavers does have a two pair monocle of
the pair of aces and a low kicker makes
the call lane with the Aces and he
picked up a straight draw on the turn
and now he makes a call they come in to
life watch folds he had no shot he was
drawn dead so now three players will go
to the river beavers with the lead with
his two pair and now the river card it's
a king beavers gets the check mark his
two pair will win if he doesn't fall
let's see how this funeral procession
unfolds
beavers slowly reaches for chips and
flips in 7,000 more conical I don't know
if this is a talent or if he's just
trying to get something out of his left
here monocle with his aces and he will
make the call
whack now makes the call - nonchalantly
it's time to show beaver shows his two
pair monocle shows his losing hand the
wizened light show he's losing in - hey
flips it up if you're in the right
position to see it but beavers wins the
three-way pot something about that hand
really bothered me line 7.5 million
dollars to be made why are they all
looking like they're watching book notes
on c-span alright action to the outer
tables now and we find a very nervous
player in a hand against five-time
bracelet winner Phil Ivey and he cannot
hide that shaking from might be
good secret eat dinner theater acting
must have a good hand but going up
against Ivy make anybody quake
till since you can stop I'm gonna fall
the take that is probably one of the
best tells we've seen in a long time
here the hands not shaking the house it
takes in the chips hooker - William
Rockwell he is getting low on chips and
he will fold that hand he's under 10,000
William Rockwell trying to survive day
two and the Queen 10 of Barry pass
canoes change his shirt he's all in and
he is all out it looks like Wow oh when
he loses he makes no noise well I'll
make some noise yes yes yes yes see ya
Barry pass can eliminated from this main
event I think he seemed intent on
wanting to leave an impression thank you
very much I believe he can say mission
accomplished
it's going to be a lot quieter around
here from now on
it's time for a whole demur fold um
brought to you by Milwaukee's best light
Tom Sartori has a queen eight of clubs
against the grinder Michel Mizrahi after
the river
you